9Training:

During the training, we will show the participants how to use the features of our tool.  These features can be broken into 4 
groups: Creation of new Sets, Setting interest for a set, Accessing information, and viewing information.  

Creating new sets with the cursor:
From an open editor, to designate a place of interest, all you need to do is click on that point.  When the cursor gets moved 
to this point, the tool will calculate what sets might be related to this element.  Any sets that are related to this set will
automatically be added to the list in the All Sets view.

Creating new sets with the search box:
If there is a keyword that you feel would be of interest to you, you can search the code base using the search tool.  By 
entering the word in the search box and clicking search, the tool will search the code base for any elements of the code that
contain that keyword.  The results will be added into the Search group, named for the word that you searched for.

Creating new sets using debug: 
To add elements from a debug session is easy.  From a breakpoint or when a method is stepped into, everything on the stack will
be added to a new set that will be labeled with the start time of the debugging session.  

Setting the current set to exclusively contain elements of a set:
To set a set to be exclusive, click on the name of the set, if the box is an x, blank, or a plus, it will change to a check mark

Setting the current set to ignore a set:
by default, all new sets will be ignored, with the exception of the navigation set.  To ignore a set, click on the sets name
until the box beside it changes to an empty box.

Setting set the current set to include elements of a set:
To set a set to be included, hold the command key and click on the name of the set, in which the box beside the name changes to a +

Setting the current set to excluded elements of a set:
To set a set to be excluded, hold alt and click on the name of the set, in which the box beside the name changes to an x

Creating more sophisticated sets:
To create more sophicated sets, you can set multiple sets to either included, excluded, or exclusive.  For instance, you can
can create a set that has all members of a type that have not yet been visited, and reference a method by setting the members
of type set for that type to included, the navigation set to excluded, and set reference to the method to exclusive.

Clearing the current set:
To clear the current set, click on the "Set all sets to be ignored" button. This will set all sets to being ignored

Naming the Current Set:
With the current set (simple or sophisticated), you can create a new set from it.  By clicking the name this set button, a
dialog will be opened prompting for a name to be given to this set.  Enter the name in the box and click OK. If you have
clicked this by mistake, click cancel.  Once you have given a name to the current set, it will be added to the Named group of
the All Sets view, with the name provided.

Change the Summary Detail level:
Above the Current Set view, there are two buttons; a plus and a minus sign. When you press the plus, you will be given more detail
in the view below. If you press the minus sign, you will be given less detail. There are only three levels of detail. Methods and classes, Methods, classes and Javadoc,
Methods, classes, javadoc, and some source code.

Going to an element of the current set:
To jump to an element of the current set, first find it in the Current Set view, then double click on its name.  If the type
is not yet open, it will be opened in a new editor window.  The cursor will then be set to this element in the editor window.

Removing sets from the All Sets view:
When you click on the the minus sign at the top of the All Sets view, it will remove all the sets from the view, except the 
navigation history. But it will also clear the navigation history and set it back to zero. 
