overview:
We conducted a small scale user study to evaluate the usability and usefulness of our plugin.
The study was segmented into a number of sections.  We first spent some time to give the
participants training in the use of our plugin and familiarize them with our tool.  Once the
participant was comfortable with the use of the tool, we gave them some questions to answer
with the use of our tool, if they saw fit to do so.  Once the questions were completed, each
participant was interviewed.

participants:
Participants were selected for this study through... The participants were expected to have
some background in programming, as well as a comfortable understanding of the use of the
Eclipse Integrated Development Environment.  The participants were then placed into pairs
as it was decided that we might get more useful information as to the participants thought
process if they have to talk through it to work as a group.  

training:
The participants were provided with training for the use of the plugin and its several 
features.  We started by demonstarting how the participant could add possible states to the
available sets, such as references to, references from, debug elements, navigation, and members of type, by clicking on
an area of the code.  We then showed the user how they could easily see all of the elements
of these sets.  This included demonstrating the changing of set states for the consideration of
the current set.  The set functions included including a set in the currently considered set
(include), excluding the elements of a specific set from the currently considered set 
(exclude), removing all elements that are not in a specific set (exclusive), and not 
considering a set in the building of the currently considered set (ignore).  We also showed
the participants how they could increase or decrease the size of the summary for the 
currently considered set by sliding the slider to the left, effectively decreasing the
summary size, and sliding the slider to the right, effectively increasing the summary size.
We then showed the users how they could combine the sets through the use of a combination of
including several sets, excluding some sets, and restricting to a specific set.  

questions+code base:  
For the code base, we have selected to use _______.  

Using the code base, the participants were instructed to use the tool, if applicable, to anwer
a series of questions.  These questions were designed in such a way as to test the usefulness, 
and usability of the plug-in.  For instance, to test the usability of the plugin, we asked the
participants to make a set which contained all of the elements in a class, which referenced a 
specific method, but not those that have been visited already.  To test the usefulness, we decided
to give the participants a question like, how were a and b related, where there were several things between 
a and b, or how is a effected by b, or if you were to want to make this change, how would it be done.
Using our plugin, we would suspect that this should be an easier process, but this will test this.

interview portion: 
During the interview, we asked for feedback from the participants in a variety of areas.  For
instance we chose to ask the participants, "How did the tool assist you in answering the questions".
This would allow us to get a little feedback into in what ways our tool actually was useful, and
in what ways we taught that it might be, but was actually lacking.  We could also ask "in what ways
the plugin could be improved".  This might give us ways in which we aren't hitting the mark with
our idea how how the tool could be used.  "How easy was it to answer the questions" might also 
be useful to know, as it will tell us if the use of the tool helps in the way that we thought it
would.  

some “why’s” (ex: why pairs)):