Training:

During the training, we will show the participants how to use the features of our tool.  These features can be broken into 4 
groups: Creation of new Sets, Setting interest for a set, Accessing information, and viewing information.  

Opening the Tool:
The tool is not open by default in Eclipse.  It is separated into 2 separate views, which can be accessed by selecting the
"Window" menu -> Scroll down to "Show View" -> Select "Other ...".  At this point the "Show View" window will display.  Scroll
down to the "Code Sets" folder, and click the expansion arrow, and select "All Sets".  At this point, the "All Sets" view will
be added to the Eclipse workbench.  Repeat the steps above, and from the "Show View" window, after expanding the "Code Sets" 
folder, select "Code Set". At this point, the Code Set Tool will be active in Eclipse.

Rearranging the Tool Views:  
The "Code Sets" views can be rearranged in any manner, just like any native Eclipse views.  By clicking and dragging the Tab
labeled with the name of a view, it can arbitrarily be moved to any point on the Eclipse workbench

Creating new sets with the cursor:
From an open editor, to designate a place of interest, all you need to do is click on that point.  When the cursor gets moved 
to this point, the tool will calculate what sets might be related to this element.  Any sets that are related to this set will
automatically be added to the list in the All Sets view.

Creating new sets with the search box:
If there is a keyword that you feel would be of interest to you, you can search the code base using the search tool.  By 
entering the word in the search box and clicking search, the tool will search the code base for any elements of the code that
contain that keyword.  The results will be added into the Search group, named for the word that you searched for.

Creating new sets using debug: 
To add elements from a debug session is easy.  From a breakpoint, every step will create a new set of elements that are
contained on the stack at that point.  

Setting set the current set to include elements of a set:
To set a set to be included, just click on the name of the set until the box beside the name changes to have a +

Setting the current set to excluded elements of a set:
To set a set to be excluded, click on the name of the set until the box beside the name changes to an x

Setting the current set to exclusively contain elements of a set:
To set a set to be exclusive, click on the name of the set until the box beside the name changes to filled in

Setting the current set to ignore a set:
by default, all new sets will be ignored, with the exception of the navigation set.  To ignore a set, click on the sets name
until the box beside it changes to an empty box. 

Creating more sophisticated sets:
To create more sophicated sets, you can set multiple sets to either included, excluded, or exclusive.  For instance, you can
can create a set that has all members of a type that have not yet been visited, and reference a method by setting the members
of type set for that type to included, the navigation set to excluded, and set reference to the method to exclusive.

Clearing the current set:
To clear the current set, click on the "Set all sets to be ignored" button.

Naming the Current Set:
With the current set (simple or sophisticated), you can create a new set from it.  By clicking the name this set button, a
dialog will be opened prompting for a name to be given to this set.  Enter the name in the box and click OK. If you have
clicked this by mistake, click cancel.  Once you have given a name to the current set, it will be added to the Named group of
the All Sets view, with the name provided.

Change the Summary Detail level:
Above the Current Set view, there is a slider.  This slider can be moved from left to right.  When the slider is moved towards
the left, less details will be displayed in the summary.  When the slider is moved towards the right, more details will be
shown in the summary.

Going to an element of the current set:
To jump to an element of the current set, first find it in the Current Set view, then double click on its name.  If the type
is not yet open, it will be opened in a new editor window.  The cursor will then be set to this element in the editor window.
